Adding single selection combo sample (#1753)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/combo.md

    - [Templates](combo_templates.md)
    - Integration with [Template Driven Forms](input_group.md) and [Reactive Forms](input_group_reactive_forms.md)

## Single Selection

> By default the Combo control provides multiple selection. By using the code below you can change its behavior to single selection:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Combo control provides multiple selection. The example below demonstrates how to achieve single selection in the component:

```

```typescript
public singleSelection(event: IComboSelectionChangeEventArgs) {
      if (event.added.length) {
        event.newSelection = event.added;

>       }

Reviewer: Fix indentation

    - [Templates](combo_templates.md)
    - Integration with [Template Driven Forms](input_group.md) and [Reactive Forms](input_group_reactive_forms.md)

## Single Selection

> By default, the Combo control provides multiple selection. The example below demonstrates how to achieve single selection in the component by attaching a handler to the onSelectionChange event:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Combo control provides multiple selection. The example below demonstrates how to achieve single selection in the component by attaching a handler to the `onSelectionChange` event:
```
